Sometimes you need to explain what some particular parts of your code are for.
 You can leave special notes called comments.

                What is a comment?
Python comments start with a hash #.
 Everything after the hash mark and up to the end of the line is regarded as a comment and will be ignored when running the code.

     print("This will run.")  # This won't run

In the example above, you can see what PEP 8 calls an inline comment because it's written on the same line as the code.

A comment can also refer to the block of code that follows it:

# Outputs three numbers
      print("1")
      print("2")
      print("3")


       Formatting comments
 To begin with, after a hash mark there should be one space and, in inline comments, there should be two spaces between the end of the code and the hash mark.
 Putting more than two spaces between the end of the code and the hash mark is also acceptable but most commonly there are exactly two spaces.

    print("Learning Python is fun!")  # This is proper comment formatting
    print("PEP-8 is important!")#This is a very bad example

Indent your comment to the same level as the statement it explains. E.g. the following example is wrong:

             # this comment is at the wrong place
      print("This is a statement to print.")

A comment is not a Python command: it should not be too long. Following PEP-8, the comment length should be limited to 72 characters. It's better to split a long comment into several lines: you can do it by adding a hash mark at the beginning of each new line:

        # Imagine that this is an example of a really long comment
        # that we need to spread over three lines, so we continue
        # to write it even here.
        print("The long comment above explains this line of code.")

Comments that span multiple lines are called multi-line or block comments. In Python, there is no special way to indicate them.

You may come across multi-line comments enclosed in triple quotes """...""", still, we recommend that you use several hash marks for this purpose. Thus, your code will comply with the official style guide.
Triple quotes are reserved for documentation strings, or docstrings for short. They are also informative, but their use is limited to functions, methods and several other cases.
